imagine 30% of America unable to heat
their houses or gasoline $20 a gallon at
the pump it's running out and 90% of
what's left is in the Middle East this
is a fight to the death I think they've
got something that utilizes your
specific skillset his money's in a lot
of dark corners I want you to take him
from his hotel drugged and put him the
front of the car and on the truck in
room at 50 miles an hour it's good that
I get back in towels off what the
business world thinks you we think a
hundred years ago you were living out
here in tents and the desert chopping
each other's heads off and that's
exactly where you're gonna be in another
hundred so yes on behalf of my firm I
accept your money it is illegal to offer
gifts money or anything of value to
influence foreign officials this is all
business we're talking about right
you just visited what could be the most
profitable corporation in America
provided the government approves the
merger provided there's still chaos in
the Middle East do you understand what
that means it's like somebody who to
giant ATM on our front lawn eruption
eruption is our protection corruption
keeps a safe and warm
corruption is why we win
you can give me names
now take the target down
while I being invested why am I being
investigated drop it
for miles an entire career the year
where that job come up goodbye MA one
mile
you